Every .v file can be opened in interactive mode or with coqide. No compilation is needed. 
Every previous file is loaded at the beginning of the new file, so it can take a few seconds.

The final theorem is in unique_solution_thm.v. Details are explained in the comments.

The files are split as follows, and in the following order:

1. rels.v
 A few lemmas and definitions regarding relations; the definitions of diagrams
 is usefull to define bisimulations and bisimilarities

2. LTS.v
 Defines the notion of Labeled Transition System (with internal tau steps), 
 and the usual definitions of weak transitions in such a LTS.

3. bsim.v
 Definition and properties of weak bisimulations, and weak bisimilarity. Most
 of the work is related to the transitivity of weak bisimilarity.

4. operators.v
 Definition of autonomous transitions, then of sets of operators; also includes
 some properties of functions, extensional equality of functions, and composition 
 of functions.

5. divergences.v
 Definitions of the notions of reducts of an operator and divergence of the infinite
 unfolding of an operator.

6. unique_sol_prop.v
 The first lemma: if an operator 'protects its solutions', then it has a unique
 solution up to weak bisimilarity.

7. termination.v
 A few lemmas regarding termination, non divergence, well-foundedness.

8. unique_solution_steps.v
 The main part of the proof of the main theorem: we build a sequence of transitions
 and operators, and use non divergence to show it must terminate; if it does, that 
 proves that the operator protects its solution.

9. unique_solution_thm.v
 Putting everything together: statement of the main theorem.




*Some important definitions (particularly those used as hypothesis, if one wants to check) are in:
LTS, weak transitions (wtrans, wttrans, whtrans): LTS.v
(strong and weak) bisimulation and bisimilarity: bsim.v
extensional equality of functions, autonomous transitions, guardedness, set of operators, weak autonomous transitions (waut, wtaut, whaut): operators.v
reduct (comp_red) of an operator, divergence (comp_div and div) of an operator (of its infinite unfolding): divergences.v
unique solution, protects its solutions: unique_sol_prop.v
the tau reduction relation (red_tau and reduction_tau) are in termination.v (for red_tau) and in unique_solution_thm.v (for reduction_tau). they are based on subrevR in termination.v, itself using comp_red from divergences.v

